Javascript Test

TEST NAME: MEAL


Problem statement
Create a meal app to store and search meals. Use ONLY vanilla javascript, no libraries or frameworks allowed for Javascript (you can use any css framework like Bootstrap).

Instructions
Use the TheMeal API: https://www.themealdb.com/api.php
You are ALLOWED to style the app any way you like.
You are ALLOWED to google and read how to approach the problem.
DO NOT copy and paste code from the internet.
DO NOT cheat with other students. REMEMBER: These tests are for YOU so that you can learn something new. Cheating won’t help. It’s better to not submit the solution than to cheat and submit. PS: There will be a plagiarism check and when found cheating, you won’t be allowed to give future tests.
Once you have finished with the test, make a video recording your computer screen (via phone or a software like OBS/screencastify etc) and explaining how you have approached the problem in code and showing the final product. The video can be UPTO 5 mins long. Please don’t record videos longer than that.
Upload and Host the code on github as well.
Once you have recorded the video, upload it on youtube (unlisted or whatever), drive or wherever you want to upload it.
Hosting on Github is compulsory, I will be rejecting the submission if not hosted!


Features (No need for extra features, just make the listed features)
Home Page
Search any meal from the API and display the search results on the frontend (as I type the search results should update, just like Google does for suggestions).
Each search result of the meal should have a favourite button, clicking on which the meal should be added to “My favourite meals” (a list).
On clicking any particular search result (any meal), open a new page with more information about that meal(meal page)

Meal Detail Page
Should show information about the meal like its name, photo, instructions, etc (these are must, rest you can add if you want).

My favourite meals Page
Display a list of all the favourite meals.
Make this list persistent (should have the same number of meals before and after closing the browser/refreshing the browser).
Remove from favourites button: Each meal should have remove from favourites button, clicking on which should remove that meal from the list.


Points on which the project will be judged
All functionalities mentioned above
Github
Readme.md file
Hosted code on Github
Code
Comments
Structuring of code
Indentation
Variables and functions naming
Styling
Design
Video (explanation about the project)
Creativity


